Daren Hasenkamp
19362801

QUESTION 1
Run with the command
  python hw2q1.py
4 plots will be produced:
Figure 1: Shows the noisy function with degree one polynomial fit
 and degree one splines.
Figure 2: Shows the noisy function with degree 2 polynomial fit
 and degree 2 splines.
Figure 3: Shows the noisy function with degree 3 polynomial fit
 and degree 3 splines.
Figure 4: Shows the noisy function, the analytic function, the
 least squares fit to the analytic form, and a degree 0 polynomial
 fit.

Clearly, the splines don't do very well, because they pass through
every point. The degree-3 polynomial fit fits the analytic form
reasonably well; the lower degrees don't: Degree 0 and degree 1
are straight lines, and degree 2 curves up too much at the sides.
The least squares fit to the analytic form is very, very close
to the actual function.

QUESTION 2
Run on moonlanding.png with the command
 python hw2q2.py moonlanding.png
5 images will be produced:
Figure 1: Cleaned up version of original image, generated by
 taking the 2d fft, zeroing out the higher frequencies, inverting
 back to spatial domain, taking the real part, and plotting with
 imshow.
Figure 2: The original image.
Figure 3: The power spectrum. Generated by zeroing out values in
 the power spectrum above the 95th percentile.
Figure 4: The cut power spectrum. Same as figure 3, but with all
 high frequencies zeroed out.
Figure 5: In experimenting, I noticed that nice looking images
 can also be produced by cutting all values in the frequency domain
 with extremely high (i used the 99.983th percentile) power. The
 resulting image is noticably less noisy than the original, and
 does not become blurry like the image resulting from zeroing out
 all high frequencies.

QUESTION 3
I used gaussian elimination to create an invert function. You can
use the function by importing ("from hw2q3 import my_matrixinv") and
running it on any invertible numpy array. If the matrix is not
invertible, "None" is returned. The function does not modify
the original matrix; the inverted matrix is allocated and returned.
